Steven Matthew Tikas was born in a little town called Park Ridge which is right outside of Chicago.  He was raised by a single mother who worked two jobs all of his life. He learned work ethics and values from her and the other family members in his life.

Steve attended Jane Adams Elementary/Middle School  and Palatine High school where he finished with a 3.2 overall GPA.  He then went into the military as a Navy Nuclear Machinist Mate and attending A and B schools in Orlando Florida and finished his training in Balston Spa, NY on an old decommissioned reactor.  After finishing school he was sent to his first duty station in King's Bay GA where he was stationed on the SSBN-735 Pennsylvania (gold crew).  Unfortunately his military career was cut short when he got sick and was medically discharged from the military.  

After going home for a few months to deal with medical issues he went to live in Jacksonville, FL with some of his friends.  His first job was doing tech support for America Online when they were still popular.  He excelled at that job and then they moved him into the billing department where he spent most of his day getting yelled at by customers due to AOL's business practices.  After leaving AOL he tried selling cars but the day he started was 9/11/2001 which was not a great day to get into any sales related positions.

Eventually leaving car sales for a temp job at a company called Southeastern Aluminum Products which is a wholesale shower enclosure company.  He was eventually promoted to custom order lead and handled processing of over 100 custom orders per day with a less then 2% error rate.  After parting from there he went to work for their customers named Lee & Cates Glass which is a customer of Southeastern and actively sought Steve out when they found out he had left Southeastern.

Steve worked at Lee & Cates for a combined 10 years (2 different employment from 2007-2017 and then again from 2019-2021).  While there he worked in all facets of the company from the retail side to contract to sales and eventually worked his way into one of the main people for the fabrication facility that was the backbone of the companies business model.  He quickly formed strong business relationship with many of their top customers becoming the go-to person when something really needed to get handled quickly and effectively.  He was also cross trained on Storefront metal systems.  Also while at Lee & Cates Steve completed his BS in Information Technology with a focus on Advanced Business Analystics.

Armed with his new degree he left Lee & Cates on good terms and went to work at his his first true tech support job (AOL was more about script reading then real tech support).  He left Bank of America when Lee & Cates called and asked him to come back as a outside salesman. After having a falling out with management Steve decided he would follow a life long dream he had of investing in real estate house flipping and started Father & Sons Home Buyers in July of 2021.  Everything was going great and he had successfully flipped his first house when COVID hit and put everyone's life everywhere on hold.  During COVID Steve also had a complication of what had forced him out of the military and was unable to work for close to a year.  

After recovering I started working at the IT Support Center in a Technical Advisor role.  After over 2 years of dedicated work he left to work at Availity Inc which is a middle-man company for insurance claims.  Initially starting out as a temp Steve quickly distinguished himself and was the first from his class of over 25 to be asked to come on full time.  Due to some complications  during the onboarding Steve was forced to go back to the IT Support Center which is where he currently works.  He is now a Dedicated Technical Advisor serving as the sole liasion for one of their customer name Med Center Health, a small hospital network in, and around, Bowling Green Kentucky

Steve is happily married to his wife and best friend of almost 20 years now (16 married plus dating), Vashti.  They have three beautiful children Malachi, Jordan, and Keyona and one grandson named Tyriq.  They all currently live in Jacksonville Florida.

Some interesting facts about me
I was in the Navy but am a horrible swimmer
I love to laugh and joke around with people
I love the works of JRR Tolkin and Ayn Rand
Favorite movie is V for Vendetta
I have sat on top of a nuclear reactor while painting
I have slept with my feet near a nuclear missle tube
I like everything from Classical to 90/2000s hip-hop and R&B
His Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/steven.tikas
My mother's name is Carmella
I have 2 sisters: Kristin and Amy
Portfolio Site URL: https://github.com/StevenMTikas/PortfolioSite
NFL Picker App: https://github.com/StevenMTikas/nfl_picker
YouTube App: https://github.com/StevenMTikas/youtube_product_crew
